If your child has an ankle fracture,
it means one of the
bones in the ankle joint
(the tibia, fibula, or talus)
is broken or cracked.
This can happen if
the ankle is twisted.
If the fracture is at the growth plate
near the ends of the bone,
bone growth can be affected
and may require special X-rays
or other tests.
Young bones are more flexible
than an adult’s,
so a child’s bone may crack
or buckle without a clear break,
instead of snapping like a dry stick.
An ankle fracture may be treated with
casts, splints, a removable boot,
or an air splint
worn for 4 to 8 weeks.
Surgery may be needed to straighten
Your child may need to use
crutches for several weeks.